This probably isn't what you were expecting but...you should be using AI while learning JS (especially JS since there were so many things for the models to scrape). Now that the hype train has died down, it's pretty clear that for at least the next few years (ish) chatgpt and Claude are basically just really good Google summarizers. When you are working on a new programming concept, I think it's helpful to talk through what you're looking for with AI, get the foundations of what you're looking for, and then find some docs and blogs to make sure you've got everything right. It's like the pregame to the learning, it's just going to make sure you search for things more quickly. 

It's true that I stopped using code completion because I was developing the "copilot pause," and forgetting the muscle memory of some good stuff. But working through long form questions is a great way to speed things up.

And to the copy and paste points, yes that's bad, but it's exactly the same thing we've been saying about StackOverflow answers for years. "don't copy code you don't understand," it's still the right advice. It's just there's a different source people are using to copy code from. We encouraged people to get good at Googling questions, now the skill is just get good at filtering AI answers. It's not as different as people think. 

I promise *most* people are not advocating to shoot yourself in the foot (unless they're trolling you, which sadly does happen here), they're trying to tell you to take every advantage you can get to speed up your learning. The world is unfathomably competitive right now. Why waste any time dead end googling, when AI can speed you into the right direction? Of course people will use AI wrong, the trick is don't be one of them! Just keep an open mind, and try to work it into you flow next time you're doing research. 
